Add warning info to install prereqs (#264)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

If you are already using a PaaS solution, MuleSoft recommends deploying Runtime Fabric in parallel with your PaaS. This enables you to take advantage of the complete benefits of Anypoint Platform.

== Shared Responsibility for On-Premises Runtime Fabric

> The successful operation of on-premises Runtime Fabric instances is a shared responsibility. It is critical to understand which areas you must manage and which areas are managed by MuleSoft. Without the required infrastructure and proper maintenance, Runtime Fabric will not operate successfully.

Reviewer: Nice intro!

The following image illustrates MuleSoft and customer responsibilities for on-premises Runtime Fabric instances:

image::sharedresponsibility.png[Runtime Fabric Shared Responsiblities]

> * MuleSoft responsibility - MuleSoft manages the RTF control plane and is responsible for the delivered components, Runtime Fabric appliance, Runtime Fabric agent, Mule runtime engine, and other dependencies for Mule appications.

Reviewer: Format per style ref.; also, never use the abbreviation RTF, also per style ref. and PMM Product Tiering & Hierarchy:
```suggestion
* MuleSoft responsibility +
MuleSoft manages the Runtime Fabric control plane and is responsible for the delivered components, Runtime Fabric appliance, Runtime Fabric agent, Mule runtime engine, and other dependencies for Mule applications.
```

> * Customer responsibility - Customers are responsible for provisioning, configuring, and managing the infrastructure required for Runtime Fabric and Runtime Fabric clusters.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Customer responsibility +
Customers are responsible for provisioning, configuring, and managing the infrastructure required for Runtime Fabric and Runtime Fabric clusters, including:  
```

+

> ** Infrastructure includes:

Reviewer: Omit and promote subsequent text units:
```suggestion
```

+

> *** VM resources (CPU, Memory)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* VM resources (CPU, memory)
```

+

> *** Disk performance and capacity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Disk performance and capacity
```

+

> *** Operating systems and kernel patching

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Operating systems and kernel patching
```

+

> *** Network ports

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Network ports
```

+

> *** Syncing system time across all VMs

Reviewer: ```suggestion for parallelism
* Synchronization of system time across all VMs
```
OR
```suggestion
* Synchronized system time across all VMs
```

+

> ** For infrastructure provisioning and management, you will need the assistance of your organization’s:

Reviewer: Per the edits above, this follows:
```suggestion
For infrastructure provisioning and management, you need the assistance of the following teams in your organization:
```

+

> *** DevOps team to provision and manage the infrastructure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* DevOps, to provision and manage the infrastructure
```

+

> *** Network team to whitelist ports and configure proxy settings

Reviewer: Per inclusive language initiative (see style ref):
```suggestion
* Network, to allowlist ports and configure proxy settings
```
OR
```suggestion
* Network, to specify allowed ports and configure proxy settings
```

+

> *** Security team to review for compliance and obtain security certificates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Security, to review compliance and obtain security certificates
```

> Refer to xref:install-prereqs.adoc[Runtime Fabric Installation Prerequisites] for additional information.

Reviewer: Per our new linking policies, only need-to-know-right-this-minute xrefs appear in main narrative and all others go into a ==See Also subtopic at the end of the topic set.
Also per policy, if we provide a reason for the xref, it should be more robust than "for additional information": for information about what, specifically, and to what user purpose?

If you are already using a PaaS solution, MuleSoft recommends deploying Runtime Fabric in parallel with your PaaS. This enables you to take advantage of the complete benefits of Anypoint Platform.

== Shared Responsibility for On-Premises Runtime Fabric

> The successful operation of on-premises Runtime Fabric instances is a shared responsibility. It is critical to understand which areas you must manage and which areas are managed by MuleSoft. Without the required infrastructure and proper maintenance, Runtime Fabric will not operate successfully.

Reviewer 2: Suggest rewording the last sentence to be more positive in light of RTF.

"Runtime Fabric will only operate successfully if it's provided the required infrastructure and maintenance."

Author: Updated this - thank you!

The following image illustrates MuleSoft and customer responsibilities for on-premises Runtime Fabric instances:

image::sharedresponsibility.png[Runtime Fabric Shared Responsiblities]

* MuleSoft responsibility:
+

> MuleSoft manages the Runtime Fabric control plane and is responsible for the delivered components, Runtime Fabric appliance, Runtime Fabric agent, Mule runtime engine, and other dependencies for Mule appications.

Reviewer 2: "Runtime Fabric control plane" isn't a term we use. Replace with Runtime Fabric appliance, perhaps?

Author: Updated this - thank you!

* Customer responsibility:
+

> Customers are responsible for provisioning, configuring, and managing the infrastructure required for Runtime Fabric and Runtime Fabric clusters.  

Reviewer 2: Runtime Fabric and Runtime Fabric clusters is redundant. Suggest removing "Runtime Fabric clusters"

Author: Updated this - thank you!
